# DensiModPack

A mod pack focused on exploration centered around enemies, optimized for servers, and without game-easing features aside from the minimap. The idea is to avoid implementing tomb or loot recovery mods as they make the game too easy. The enemies are varied, and the focus is on the mega dungeons.

  Versions 1.20.1
  Mods optimization

Embedium: Replacement of Optifine improves rendering, corrects graphical errors, enhances the use of graphic memory, and includes constant compatibility patches..

ModernFix: mod used to improve the initial game loading and the mod pack's use of RAM(.minecraft - config - modernfix-mixins.properties -> mixin.perf.dynamic_resourses=true or false) con esto minimiza el 55% de uso de ram mixin.perf.faster_item_rendering=true It facilitates the rendering of items in the crafting menu, which helps to improve FPS slightly.

Ferritecore: It reduces memory usage by optimizing models. Do not alter it, as it works well by default.

LazyDFU: It improves game startup by enhancing or alleviating the load on the CPU.
ImmediatelyFast: It improves rendering by using a custom buffer to minimize the load on the GPU..
Starlight: It minimizes the load generated by the game's lighting system No usar en >1.20.2(Do Not Use radon o phosphor incompatibilities)
Boochium: Hidden botton and top layers of the Nethers.
Cull less: It's small but efficient, improves leaf culling which helps by 5%, and it's free, so why not.
FPSReducer: It's to cap FPS when the game is in the background, allowing you to play Valorant smoothly.
NotEnoughRecipeBook: Really? the name is the description xd
BetterFPS: This changes the rendering mode; by default, the game renders in squares, but this changes it to spheres, improving visibility slightly.
FastAsync: Best autosave
Limited Chunk loading: Limits chunk loading when players enter the server.
Connectivity: Focuses on fixing connection issues like ghost blocks that remain floating, for more details (GitHub).
Smooth Chunk Save: Constantly saves smaller chunks as opposed to the default large quantities.
Ksyxis: mejora carga de chunks no usar FastLoad.
Let Me Despawn: Despawn entities far away
 
Intrucciones:
Solo para versiones Premium
1. Instalar CurseForge
2. Descargar el ModPack(no descomprimir)
3. Crear una nueva instancia en CurseForge e importar
4. Seleccionar el .rar descargado y ya solo se descarga
5. recuerden siempre asignar la ram para +8GB de Ram asignar de 5.5 hasta 10GB si tiene menos de 8GB asignar 5.5

Esta optimizado para el menor uso de ram a pesar de contener 132 mods.
